infinite circulant it's the new high-end
high-tech addition to the renowned
circulant line of kitchenware by
incorporating the latest technological
advances in design construction and
finish infinite circulate brings the
science of cooking to a whole new level
with higher performance and even more
convenience than ever before hard
anodized aluminum construction makes
pans twice as hard as steel for day in
and day out durability as this pan
cross-section shows
stainless steel fully encapsulate SAN
aluminum core base with more aluminum
than any other cookware available today
the result is cookware that heats
quickly and evenly for nonstick
performance infinite circulant span
interiors feature the total high-low
food release system raised circles that
take the abuse of utensils and leave the
low-lying areas untouched even the pan
exteriors have an exceptional nonstick
that makes cleanup a pleasure beautiful
cast stainless steel handles are
securely riveted to each pan with
matching cast fittings on the high
polished stainless lids but the biggest
benefit is infinite circulant incredible
performance for an easy foolproof cheese
fondue use infinite circulant 10 and a
half inch buffet casserole
start by bringing dry white wine to a
boil infinite circulant extraordinary
bass provides exceptional performance
stainless steel encapsulate say heavy
heat conducting aluminum base and with
its perfectly flat bottom it's a
preferred choice for all stove tops
electric and gas as well as glass
ceramic range tops and energy-efficient
induction burners reduce the heat and
gradually add the cheese mixture of
Swiss cheese cornstarch and dry mustard
to the wine with infinite circulant
superior nonstick capability not even
the gooiest of cheese sticks to the pan
and the lab tested total high low food
release system is guaranteed to outlast
all other non sticks all pans are
dishwasher safe so cleanup is a snap
whether you use a dishwasher or wash by
hand stir constantly and cook until the
cheese is completely melted the infinite
circle on cookware line offers a variety
of full set and open stock options and
includes a wide variety of nylon
utensils designed for use with nonstick
coatings once the mixture is well
blended pour it into the buffet pan and
light the butane burner to keep the
fondue warm while serving with hard
anodized cookware featuring a stainless
steel base dishwasher safe and suitable
for stovetop use with any kind of burner
including today's popular glass and
professional style induction cooktops
the new infinite circulant cookware line
from Meijer translating technology into
superior performance